There are probably
80,000 ramen shops in Japan.
It's like bread for the French.
It's something we eat on a daily basis.
When an American is running a ramen shop
we wonder,
"Can this person really make ramen?"
Special with three eggs.
Three eggs, ok.
Thank you for waiting.
Karashi miso ramen.
Ramen has only been in Japan 100 years.
It's a very new food in Japanese history.
There's shoyu, shio,
miso, or tonkotsu flavors,
thick noodles, thin noodles.
This freedom is unique to ramen.
A chef's experience is very important.
Ramen shops can be divided into
the artisan type and the commercial type.
The commercial types are by far
the most common.
They just assemble ready-made ingredients
and serve it.
The artisan types
create their own unique recipes by hand
and serve it themselves.
But, even Japanese ramen artisans
have a difficult time
making ramen noodles.
Usually, they just make the soup.
Ivan, at that time, had a shaved head,
and he always had his T-shirt
tucked into his shorts
and he always carried a backpack.
His son had the same haircut
and they both had the same glasses.
It was totally unique.
A type of person I'd never seen before.
When we were together, as families,
Ivan with his son, and me with mine,
it was like we felt at ease, maybe?
It was a strange sensation.
He wasn't really my type.
But it didn't matter.
I might die laughing.
Keep going. You can do it.
It was like an incredible encounter.
-Did you add anything?
-I added soup stock only.
-No good?
-Don't we need to add anything else?
-It's tasty.
-Isn't it tasty?
Yeah, but maybe we should add more sugar.
Boiled food is tastier
if you put in a lot of seasonings.
It's good.
More?
That's it.
Thank you so much.
I could see he wasn't happy.
He didn't have direction.
He needed a change in his life.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Now, for a limited time,
scraggly and uneven noodles.
Don't make me laugh.
I believed in him.
I, Hiroshi Osaki,
am the man who has eaten
the most ramen in all Japan.
I'm 58.
I've had 23,000 bowls of ramen in my life.
For me, ramen is everything.
I was interested in seeing how good
the ramen from a foreign chef could be.
When I was on the train
on the way to Ivan Ramen,
my expectations, honestly,
weren't that high.
I hoped it was above average.
That was the level of my expectations.
After eating there, I thought
it's amazing and delicious.
Ivan's roasted tomato was an idea
that no one from Japan ever thought of.
It was a little bit western,
but it was still ramen.
It was surprising and revolutionary.
Freeze!
I am the Local News Detective.
Ivan's ramen even became
an instant ramen product.
He takes risks.
He's now very confident.
He's a completely different person.